welcome back folks this teaching will
deal with target selection and profit
objectives ok target selection and
profit objectives the points of focus in
this module will be measuring bullish
weekly targets where to anticipate
weekly highs to form measuring bearish
weekly lows to form ok folks look at the
examples I've just shown in the previous
teaching the weekly bias and we're going
to assume again that our analysis led to
a bullish analysis for this week under
study here and before we even consider
running target measurements from the
intraday price action each day we have
to have a premise in mind that sets the
tone for this market to be bullish ahead
of the weekly beginning or Sunday's
opening so we're going to scrub over to
the left of our price action here you
can see we have the impulse leg here to
the high so we're going to run our fit
on that
using the lowest body open or close to
the highest open body or closed right
there okay now we're going to put some
horizontal lines in because these are
objectives that could happen going into
the new week because as the market was
closing here it started trading on
Sunday declined Monday and then Tuesday
creating a beautiful hit on the 70.5
level profitable trade entry and we're
going to put it on target 1 and I'm
going to put it on target 2 up here and
I'm gonna put one more at symmetrical
price swing so these will be our
objectives relative to this price swing
okay since we're trading with a longer
term idea in mind we want to be looking
for the move beyond this swing high to
what levels that may reach 4 ok so it
started one target two and then
symmetrical price swing so at that we're
going to take the fib off and now we can
go back
zoomed in and look at some of the
measurements we're going to do one
individual days now these levels will be
in my mind going forward based on the
previous swing ok so then we have a
chart back the way it was before looking
at those projections now we have Sundays
opening here market drops down again
alright mention in a weekly bias video
I'm not really concerned about Mondays
trading I want to see if I'm bullish a
move moving lower on Tuesday so now we
can take a look at some of the
measurements in addition to and see
which ones line up said the bulk of what
I'm gonna teach you here is an
overlapping or confluence of Fibonacci
levels in the form of extensions ok so
right away we have this high back here
that price has been moving lower
what I want to do is incorporate that
with a projection from that low gear on
Tuesday up to the highest body open or
close here and it's actually a little
bit area right there so I'm looking at
the body to body in this price swing why
am i measuring this because what I'm
looking for is the movement lower to
pick up by orders and once this high is
taken out how far up will we reach into
in terms of price objectives okay so and
now I start looking for overlaps we're
kind of close with this target to to
this one but not that close but then we
have this level here this is where a
little bit of thoughts gonna have to
come in because on a larger price when
we did when we scrubbed over to the left
side of the chart and we drew those
horizontal lines across we have one
target here and then another target here
but look what happens right in the
middle of that we have this level here
to target to lies directly right in the
middle of that so that's like an
equilibrium concept right away I see
that that draws my attention so I'm
going to draw now another horizontal
line here and I'm going to change the
color of this one to delineate why I'm
drawing it so this is all gonna be based
on this price swing and everything to
the right of it and you'll see what I
mean as I go so now I want to take
another measurement of this open or
close highest one in this swing keep it
anchored to here and see if there's any
measurement up here that has a
confluence again this one's a little too
far away but look how far away we are
here to want to just did on an
equilibrium so right away this is
another confluence
now how far away would I be willing to
allow price to move about 10 to 15 pips
depending upon the type of market
structure there is but anything more
than 15 pips I'm not really willing to
let that be deemed a confluence if it
can be less than 10 pips it's even
better in this instance we have 1928
1924 so we're less than 5 pips real
close okay and I'll tell you how we can
pick a specific level in mind once I go
through all the possible swings all
right so we're looking at not this level
here and reason why I'm not going to use
this price swing is because we have this
low and this low here and then we drop
down something like I'm not concerned
about this one okay so I'm not
interested in this swing at all this
swing is the parent price swing this is
a subordinate price swing within the
overall swing from this low to this high
so even though we traded down came back
up it really was a new significance so
this low to this high is much more
significant now we can start looking at
smaller price swings and the optimal
trade entry here okay so we have the
lowest open or closed up to the highest
open or closed in this price swing price
comes down hits to 62% trades on level
optimal trade entry and we start looking
for extensions okay we have the 300
extension within again less than 15 pips
so now we have another confluence
right there and now I'm going to measure
every
price swing that moves slower so every
price swing down I'm gonna measure that
so it's this one here it's going down
picking up orders why am I looking for
that because I'm looking for the
expansion up the up side now watch look
what happens now we start seeing an
overlap here so we have one confluence
here at that level and we also have
another one right here but to 500% okay
so you can already start seeing the
grouping that's occurring right here
this little price swing here why is this
significant because it comes down and
takes out an area of short term law
works but this is catching my eye this
would have caught my if we started
breaking higher right away I'd be
looking for the highest by the close
which I the highest and lowest open or
close relative to each swing high and
low here and I'd look for another
extension and we don't need to draw
another one because it's right on here
that's 200 extension okay and there's no
other cut there's really not confluence
to need to be drawn here so we can see
that there's room to justify this level
here this would be a target but we have
a lot of grouping ray up in this area
here so now what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna take that and just highlight it
now I don't draw these boxes on here or
these rectangles when I'm doing this I
look for just the levels and I can start
keeping an eye on where they're starting
the group now once we have an area where
they start to converge here and then
over here right away we're below that
price level as we're coming up so this
is going to be a nice objective to reach
for which is basically the 119 big
figure because if you won 1898 you can
go to more pips just with just a spread
or chaotic price action would take us
right up into that 119 big figure if
that trades through then we'd be looking
for an area in here we're all these
overlaps starts to take place
I'm going to take all of the horizontal
lines off to make a little bit cleaner
and we can see that the lowest point at
that level
started was 1 1924 and then we have the
highest point comes in at 1 1935 so
you're stuck with the decision rather to
go with what level are we looking for
and here's your choices you can be
conservative and get out at the 20
institutional level right before all
those confluences agreed you can get 1
1925 you can get out 1 1930 round number
or you can hold for one 1935 because
their 5 levels 0 levels and obviously
the one 1920s institutional level
waiting for the confluence of target 2
so this just started to one that price
wing we had relative to this swing here
so all I'm doing is measuring all lots
of possible overlaps of the Fibonacci
and looking for an agreement on a
specific area then I'm either picking a
5 level or a zero level the close I can
get to an institutional level the better
truth be told one 1920 would be my level
and I'd look for that only and I would
miss out on all the remaining portion of
the move and we're going to do similar
things here so we have again a sell idea
so we're looking for where is going to
be the object that we would reach for
for covering our short positions if we
have a bearish week in mind what type of
things would we look for for overlapping
for target selection and profit
objectives well we're going to looking
for
movement up is meant to be gathering
cell
entries to go short so we want to be
focusing on that now I'll draw our up
and first and foremost I like this swing
here and we also have an equal load down
here so right away I'm already thinking
if we're bearish on the week and we're
lucky enough to get in here and get
short on Tuesday if this occurs my mind
is thinking 20 30 pips below this level
they're equal lows they're probably
gonna want to reach for that and we'll
come to that in a minute but for now
we're going to look at the overall price
swing right there so we have an initial
confluence put target 1 or net parent
price swing here so again the idea is it
starts here it runs higher they sell it
sell more they sell more finally price
in the weekly high and it starts to
break down we want to see this low
broken but how far will it go it can go
to target one or target two and just to
save time we won't add that symmetrical
price point but you would add it and you
would look for other confluences but we
had the benefit of hindsight here so
we'll stick with that just for the
purpose of keeping the video short and
you'll see that there's confluences that
line up with this one here a lot so let
me keep both of them and train ok so now
we can take every price swing - now I
don't like this one because it was part
of a consolidation and we basically came
back into that same area so I want to
look at the lowest open or close here -
this open or closed and the swing high
up here and right away we can see
another symmetrical price swing
overlapping so this is what I'm saying
it takes a little bit of work and
thinking to figure out which level
you're going to be aiming for and now
we can start doing Fibonacci extensions
on the optimal trade entries so we have
three on an extension down here so we
can look for that level right there
and we have another optimal trade entry
going to use the bodies of the candle
Bost body candle here and highest open
or closed on this swing here I'll trade
entry cell on Wednesday leaving the
opening on the week start to expand then
we have 200 extension down here right
there and we're a little too far away in
my opinion for this one so I'll line up
so again all the groupings still around
this level here and we're also gonna
look at this swing right there to here
so we're looking at the overall price
swing from this high down to this low
right here's what I'm measuring why am i
doing that because that's the biggest
dynamic price move so I want to see if
this is gonna be replicated and we get
that same measurement to measure move
idea from this high to this low using
the bodies this is the bulk of the
volume and then projecting it down again
would take us right to here so we have
an overlap there as well okay so we can
see a tight grouping around here so
we're gonna leave no interest with this
one here because it's a lot of
overlap here so we're gonna shade in
again this area here this is going to be
the bulk of our interest and we're going
to delete all the other horizontal lines
we'll just leave one for target
selection purposes okay so the top of
that shaded area where the upper most
overlap occurred comes in essentially at
120 689 the lower one comes in at 26 81
so we have a range of 8 pips not bad so
we can look to take our profit again
we're songs short this week in theory so
we're looking at 120 689 so above that
would be what 120 690 round number or
120 695 which is what I would look I
would look to get there because the
lowest portion of that range was down
here so if it's gonna reach as far as
that by our overlapping fibs
that means 126 81 could be the low but
then you have to factor in the spread
dollar cad so you may end up getting you
know 2685 that would be r and that's the
best case scenario
okay so 2685 may get you out if it
trades at 2681 you think it's going
there you want to cover you got to add
your spread to that so we'll say 2685
would be r your limit to get out i want
to be out before that i want to be out
of 26 95 I want to be just a little bit
ahead of all those overlapping fields
because I want to make sure I get my
price
so I'll always leave a little bit on
that's why I see most of my exits I
always have that little bit of a tail
and move left I just want to be out I
don't want to be in there you're
demanding I get to very lowest low I can
call that and make that public and look
like a rock star but I am hardly ever
really in news moves ollie to the end
because I don't trust them and think
about what we're dealing with here but
dealing with Fibonacci okay and we're
also looking at a variants between
everyone's
delivery on the price everyone's price
is gonna be slightly different and it's
the reason why I teach you to use the
bulk of the volume with the bodies of
the candle and not the wicks the wicks
are always going to be slightly off
relative to your brokers okay and
there's a lot more to this that I can
teach you by way of the mentorship but
this is certainly well enough for those
individuals that can't afford to be part
of the mentorship I just don't have it
in mind to ever want to do it that's
fine that's cool I'm not twisting your
arm but I've given you enough here to
find reasons to suspect a highly
probable target for weekly objectives
until next time wish you good luck and
good trading hopefully you enjoyed this
presentation if you like to find more
you can visit my website at the inner
circle trader.com